=pod

=head1 NAME

Types::Git - Type::Tiny types for git stuff.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  package Foo;
  
  use Types::Git -types;
  
  use Moo;
  use strictures 1;
  use namespace::clean;
  
  has ref => (
    is  => 'ro',
    isa => GitRef,
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides several L<Type::Tiny> types for some of
git's data types.

=head1 TYPES

=head2 GitSHA

A SHA1 hex, must be 40 characters or less long and contain
only hex characters.

=head2 GitLooseRef

Just like L</GitRef> except one-level refs (those without any forward slashes)
are allowed.  This is useful for validating a branch or tag name.

=head2 GitRef

Matches a ref against the same rules that
L<git-check-ref-format|http://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format> uses.

=head2 GitBranchRef

A L</GitRef> which begins with C<refs/heads/> and ends with a
L</GitLooseRef>.

=head2 GitTagRef

A L</GitRef> which begins with C<refs/tags/> and ends with a
L</GitLooseRef>.

=head2 GitObject

This is a union type of L</GitSHA> and L</GitLooseRef>.  In the future
this type may be expanded to include other types as more of
L<gitrevisions|http://git-scm.com/docs/gitrevisions> is incorporated
with this module.

=head2 GitRevision

Currenlty this is an alias for L</GitObject> but may be extended in
the future to include other types as more of
L<gitrevisions|http://git-scm.com/docs/gitrevisions> is incorporated
with this module.

This type is meant to be the same as L</GitObject> except with extended
rules for date ranges and such.

=head1 AUTHOR

Aran Clary Deltac <bluefeet@gmail.com>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks to L<ZipRecruiter|https://www.ziprecruiter.com/>
for encouraging their employees to contribute back to the open
source ecosystem.  Without their dedication to quality software
development this distribution would not exist.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
